# Instantly-Recognising-Objects

Task:
Watch this Ted Talk on how computers learn to recognise objects instantly. After watching
this video, discuss the benefits, limitations, and risks of the subject in the context of:

• Travel and Tourism:
The use of computers to instantly recognise objects could be invaluable to the improvement in both the speed and saftey with whitch we travel around the world. A computer outfitted with this software could be used to instantly observe passengers travelling through airport security and scan the visible items on their person, then alert the security staff to the presence of malicious items. While this could not be used exclusivly due to people attempting to conceal their belongings, it could help add another layer of safety to peoples journey whilst also making people feel safer due to the relaxed presence of pysical staff. However, technologie can be wrong, and could falsely flag someone as a dangerous person, disrupting their travel and causing panic for those around them.

• Gaming and Entertainment:
Gaming and many other hobbys involve many small pysical pieces, which are often left carelessly around someones house and are forgotten, till they inevitably need the object again and spend hours searching for it. This technology could speed up this searching process, a processer able to scan your room in seconds through your phone camera, before alerting you to the location of your missing object. This would remove much wasted time and allow you to return to your hobby sooner. However, this relys on your phone having a camera of a high enough quality to give a high enough resolution image of the smallest objects in the room for your processer to detect. As well as this, there is always the risk of it not seeing the object, causing you to move on from searching this room despite the objects presence there. 

•Education and Learning:
This technology could be used not only to recognise 3 dimensional objects, but also 2 dimensional objects on a page. This could be used to instantly check a page of test answers for the correct result, and return a score of how many marks the student should get for the scanned question. This would decrease the money spent by the government on test markers and allow them to divert it to other faucets of education. However, this is limited by the fact that such a device would only be able to mark simple True/False or one word answers, we could not use it on more complex essay questions or complex maths problems. There is also always the risk that it would mark a question incorrectly, giving a student the wrong mark and potentially changing the outcome of there schooling, a risk that could outweigh the benefits.

• Transport and Navigation:
Instant object recognition could be used to scan your surroundings and locate landmarks, before matching them up to their positions on a map. This could be used to prevent the user getting turned around and losing there position in relation to the map. This would allow the user to better navigate and find their destination in relation to their surroundings. However, this is limited by the need for surroundings, so if you were in the middle of nowhere on flat ground you would be unable to use this, and that is often when you would need it the most. There is also always the risk that the technology mismatches you to your location on the map, further delaying you and possibly getting you even more lost.

• Medicine and Healthcare:
Instant object recognition could be invaluable in the field of medicine. For example, if a blood sample was being analysed for cancerous cells, where a human eye might miss a cell or not fully check the sample, a computer could scan the image of the sample for cancerous cells, and return the number and location of all of them instantly. This could be used to speed up and improve the reliability of diagnoses in the hospital. However, it is reliant on being able to take a very high quality image at a very low size for the program to scan, and a blurry or low definition image may not be able to be scanned. There is also always the possibility that it could miss cancerous cells in the sample, allowing someone to leave the hospital thinking they are healthy, where in fact that is not the case.
